all right now let's see if I'm Medusa
can finish what she started before and
they do get and she does finish off the
tower right arrow at least didn't I
doesn't occur so think clinks is waiting
for support but not that I'm sorry guys
but I gotta say every time I seen clinks
this game he's just sitting around
invisible I'm not seeing too much um
he's not being too effective and we'll
see but oh and they do almost get
warlock and they decided to run once the
infernal pops out in a conscious instant
rokosz is here to save the day though so
Akasha comes and they're gonna try to
finish off tidehunter and they do
takeout tidehunter down here angela is
fine and Akasha gets a double kill Akash
is stuck though a conscious got to get
out of this uh let's see a decent blink
in a good blink to escape excellent job
there by Akasha and they are going to
get a kill on keuka I do believe and
there goes the net well times she's in
some serious trouble but um the old from
Akasha gives a caution of the triple art
I believe is a triple kill but maybe
that's too long until they went out and
killed cuca afterwards impressive game
played so far as we see ads right that's
going for diffusal blade great item
great item on him especially when you
have someone like kun kaya who you can
just drain his van and instead those
strengths heroes are neither vana um
having multiple heroes bash you with
feedback on each of their attacks it's
just devastating same it's clinks two
clicks needs his mana everyone needs
urbana I mean same with necrolyte wow
that's actually very powerful it will be
very powerful
if address can get us a fusible up in
time so now he has a refusal oh we can
be ready to see a kill here I'm not sure
though necrolyte is very powerful with
full mana and McCann zhem really as race
doesn't stand a chance an invisible
warlock do any of them have dust is the
question and none of them do so he's
they need something if they're gonna try
and take him out so good try by a contra
to take out um tidehunter on top but
they but she without a true disabled
tidehunter is able to just teleport out
in time and what is good about clinks
always being able to be invisible is
that are sorry having all this man is
that he's always able to be invisible so
the thing is with that I don't know why
you got poor man's shield because he
clearly uh he's really not ever taking
damage from the creeps or anyone for
that matter I do think this is kind of a
waste of an item on him I mean it's not
never too bad because you still get six
agility out of it but kind of
unnecessary just especially the way this
clinks is playing and Medusa is really
farming storm I think you might be
turning that either into a manta or into
a how I missed it so on top we get
from Akasha so the oak goes down for
warlock and they do take out as a lure
but very powerful as as Wraith and he
does take out Akasha comes in and cleans
up and cleans up on keuka after as rate
has taken out tidehunter and they're
going to also finish off warlock so well
done by Akasha a conscious just
everywhere in the map she just got three
straight kills and with the pushers they
have on their team they should really be
able to push in right now it seems like
sensible is winning every little battle
that there is I mean Medusa one on bot
versus clinks actually I do have to say
in middle the Warlock tidehunter lane
was more effective but now as we can see
Ezra has been able to farm up enough to
have a very potent combination with his
diffusal blade at all as a fit of all
these images and just the great amount
of oh and there goes an old from and
they do get a kill off of him but I do
think they could actually with no
disables rosters their only disabled so
as Earth can't really lean into anyone
who's being netted or anything like that
while rasa is not on the playing field
so that was a good kill from the Scourge
kind of a postponing their doom for a
little bit here comes essilor he has a
award I think that they're gonna try to
push and if clinks comes up Clint is
just going to die oh my gosh great
killed did you see that he blocked um
basically as Wraith using his nuke
blocked warlock from running out of the
woods and made him come out this way and
ended up giving a couch to the kill so
another kill in this game is over
and really you got to thank a caution
just for great play and also Ezra that's
just gotten very strong and this game is
just over so the game is frozen on me
for some reason but at least it didn't
quit so we can check this out so as we
can see the final items yeah we have the
diffusal blade on as wraith orchids on
Akasha in a Lincoln some producer and
you just gotta say this matchup was
pretty funny because they didn't do
anything that's whole game they kind of
push their own lanes and then the game
ended so I mean they would have been a
factor if the game and continued but um
it did so it just kind of ended and and
they kind of had hung out there laying
the whole game trading blows so although
as you can see Medusa totally outdid
clanks with fifty percent more creep
kills but anyway it's a good game I'm
glad to see this team winning glad to
see kuroki doing so well with Akasha and
in a very you know dominant a mid game
as race beginning to get the Lincoln you
don't want to get this item it's
basically it's basically a big threat
and everyone on this team played pretty
well a great support role from just
basically giving tons and tons of mana
unlimited Manitou has raised and great
disables from rasta throughout the game
anyway hope you guys enjoyed it a fairly
quick game but well played by the
central til next time peace out